Beginning configuration step: Stopping the server

Stopping MySQL Server instance...
Found Windows service for the server instance. Stopping MySQL service...
MySQL service stopped successfully...
Ended configuration step: Stopping the server

Beginning configuration step: Writing configuration file

Saving my.ini configuration file...
Saved my.ini configuration file.
Ended configuration step: Writing configuration file

Beginning configuration step: Updating Windows Firewall rules

Adding a Windows Firewall rule for MySQL90 on port 3306.
Attempting to add a Windows Firewall rule with command: netsh.exe advfirewall firewall add rule name="Port 3306" protocol=TCP localport=3306 dir=in action=allow
Ok.


Successfully added the Windows Firewall rule.
Attempting to delete a Windows Firewall rule with command: netsh.exe advfirewall firewall delete rule name="Port 0" protocol=TCP localport=0

No rules match the specified criteria.


An error occurred running netsh.exe delete:
The attempt to delete a Windows Firewall rule failed.
Adding a Windows Firewall rule for MySQL90 on port 33060.
Attempting to add a Windows Firewall rule with command: netsh.exe advfirewall firewall add rule name="Port 33060" protocol=TCP localport=33060 dir=in action=allow
Ok.


Successfully added the Windows Firewall rule.
Ended configuration step: Updating Windows Firewall rules

Beginning configuration step: Adjusting Windows service

Attempting to grant the required filesystem permissions to the 'NT AUTHORITY\NetworkService' account.
Granted permissions to the data directory.
Granted permissions to the install directory.
Updating existing service...
Existing service updated
Ended configuration step: Adjusting Windows service

Beginning configuration step: Starting the server

Attempting to start service MySQL90...
MySQL Server - start.
C:\Program Files\MySQL\MySQL Server 9.0\bin\mysqld.exe (mysqld 9.0.1) starting as process 23580
InnoDB initialization has started.
InnoDB initialization has ended.
CA certificate ca.pem is self signed.
Channel mysql_main configured to support TLS. Encrypted connections are now supported for this channel.
X Plugin ready for connections. Bind-address: '::' port: 33060
C:\Program Files\MySQL\MySQL Server 9.0\bin\mysqld.exe: ready for connections. Version: '9.0.1'  socket: ''  port: 3306  MySQL Community Server - GPL.
Successfully started service MySQL90.
Waiting until a connection to MySQL Server 9.0.1 can be established (with a maximum of 10 attempts)...
Retry 1: Attempting to connect to Mysql@localhost:3306 with user root with a password...
Successfully connected to MySQL Server 9.0.1.
Ended configuration step: Starting the server

Beginning configuration step: Updating the Start menu link

Attempting to verify command-line client shortcut.
Verified command-line client shortcut.
Verified command-line client shortcut.
Ended configuration step: Updating the Start menu link

Beginning configuration step: Updating example databases

Updating example databases...
Ended configuration step: Updating example databases

